when I was a teen my escape from reality
was always on a sailboat just jumping on
a sailboat and just escaping land
there's something about being on the
water that just sort of takes you into
your own little world and there's so
much energy out there that you get a lot
of inspiration
it's a tough thing to be an artist of
growing up and wanting to be an artist
is very difficult but when you have
people who believe in you you're not
completely alone even though you're
paving your own path you still have this
sort of force behind you so that when
maybe you feel like you've hit a dead
end they they pick you up and help you
do just sort of stand back up and keep
going
I was very lucky to have a family that
was very supportive of my dreams I think
it's really important for people to have
those people around them but at the same
time not everybody does and it doesn't
mean that we can't make it really all
that all that it takes is your own inner
strength and your own will
this one resonates with me the same way
I think it was a resonate with a lot of
people in that it's about finding inner
strength often you know when you feel a
little loss or week you turn to music to
give me strength and sing a song like
this it's definitely one that gives us
true